[Intro]
Hi there! I’m Alison Doyle and I’m a third year graphic design student at algonquin college.
Everybody else has been taking like 30-40 takes so I decided for you guys, specifically, to try to just do this in one take.
So it might get a little awkward, with long pauses. I want to see how it goes and this way I will be answering questions naturally.
[What was your favourite class in the graphic design program?]
I guess my favourite class in the graphic design program has to be graphic design. I love focusing more on branding and illustrations and packaging. You know?
[What other passions and hobbies do you have aside from graphic design?]
My other passions that I have aside from graphic design that you will see if you go to my personal website are;
eggs Benedict -because who doesn't love a good eggs benny-
Harry Potter because that's self-explanatory and makeup
which I have on. So you can see those are kind of like my little hobbies.
I also like reading -as you can see from all the books in the background- and going on forest walks with my dogs.
[What is your favourite Adobe application to work with?]
My favourite Adobe application has to be it's a tie between illustrator and InDesign.
I really like the fact that I can lay stuff out with a nice little grid but then illustrator kind of offers you a little bit more freedom when it comes to design.
Whereas indesign is a little bit more structurally sound when creating something. I guess I would have to say illustrator.
[What inspired you to pursue graphic design?]
What inspired me to pursue graphic design, well it's like, I hate to sound cliche
but it's one of those situations where if you know, like as a kid I did a lot of art.
I kind of stopped for a little bit got more into graffiti and then kind of progressed through there doing pieces at house of paint.
I ended up going to business school a couple years ago and I thought that it would just be great to combine the two because eventually I do want to freestyle
freelance
but I won't be free-styling for you today.
[Where do you see yourself in 5 years?]
Where do I see myself in 5 years?
Well, right now I've got some money in stocks and my partner and I plan on moving to Cancun in around five years, so that's kind of where I see myself.
Living in a place where there isn't snow because snow is cold and Mexico is hot and it has beaches and I like swimming.
Wow this has been
a very good video in my opinion I’m so glad that you got to see it because you got to see me without preparing for any questions,
sort of like an interview so you like got to see the real me I suppose.
I love graphic design. I love type. I love illustration and I love branding.
Eventually, down the line, what are the things that I really hope to work on is packaging design for something like kombucha drink, for example.
That's something that I just really want to do as a goal as a designer.
Yeah, I mean, I suppose it was awkward, that's for sure.
I'm looking forward to meeting all of you and if you'd like to schedule a time to talk I would love that and I hope that you guys have a lovely day!
Bye!
[Outro]